Oliver Clay

1. Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key K.
Alice sends the long message with the block cipher AES, AES(K, M).
Bob recieves and decrypts the message C AES_D(K, C).

2. In this scenario I assume Alice and Bob are fine with their message being seen, they just don't want it to be edited.
Alice concatenates the message with a hash of the message using. SHA-256AES: M||H(M). 
Bob recieves the message and computes H(supplied messages), checking, does H(supplied messages) == H(supplied hash)

3. Bob is untrusting and sends a message checking if Alice is Alice and has her secret key. Only Alice could decode what he sends. Bob sends E(P_A, M). (No PITM/Assuming key safty)
Alice decrypts with her secret key, E(S_A, C) = M, and sends the message back to Bob.
Bob now trusts Alice. They don't want their further talks to be observed.
Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key K.
Alice sends the long message with the block cipher AES, AES(K, M).
Bob recieves and decrypts the message C AES_D(K, C).

4. Someone managed to brute force decrypt the test Bob sent, stumpling upon Alice's secret key. Not very believable.  
Bob was victim to a PITM attack. The PITM passed messages back and forth, fooling Bob into thinking he was talking to Alice and vice versa. believable (assuming PITM attacks are valid again outside scenario #3).
There were faults in the hardware, someone malicious with very strong magnets, or solar radiation. These outside influences corrupted the contract. Maybe this could fool a judge if Alice was very convincing and faked a thing or two. Depends on how the contract was corrupted.

5. Sig_CA is the certificate authorities signiture. Broken down, it's E(S_CA, H(TSB)). TBS = To be signed, contains "Bob.com" and Bob's public key.

6. Validating Bob: Bob sends alice Cert_B but Alice is unconvinced. Alice needs to see that Bob has the S_B to go with the certificate as anyone could have Cert_B.
Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key K.
Alice sends Bob a random number R.
Bob sends Alice E(S_B, H(K||R)). Only bob could have done this, and only Alice can validate this. 
Alice validates: E(P_B, E(S_B, H(K||R))). Alice is satisfied.

7. Keys are no longer safe. Mal could convince the authority that Bob's keys belongs to her domain, should she get her hands on them, tricking Alice into thinking her setup was Bob's.
Mal could somehow get her hands on the CA's private key, alloving her to create false cetificates claiming her domain is related to Bob's key.E,